[]
The signal displays overview

To hide this console, press the ESC key. To show it again, type 'console on' and press Enter.

To get help on a particular command, type 'help' followed by a Space and the command and press Enter.

To add new figures to the page, refer to the commands below:
timeseries
spectrum
waterfall

Right click the figures to choose viewing options.

To add lines to figures:
1h1h - specify custom input products to be displayed
auto - draws percentile plots for a collection of auto correlation signals
cross - draws percentile plots for a collection of cross correlation signals
envelope - draws envelope of a collection of signals
clear - remove percentile collection plots from figures

outlierthreshold - specify which outliers to detect and display automatically
outliertime - specify which outliers to detect and display automatically

See also help on 'limits' to set limit extents for the views.

Other commands
flags - specify channels to be flagged for timeseries plot calculation
onlineflags - hides or shows online flags

ncols - sets the number of columns in the view

users - see which profiles are saved, in active memory, and the number of users per profile
load - loads saved user view profile settings
save - save user view profile settings
delete - delete a user's view profile settings
loop - displays a list of different profiles in a loop
kick - kicks a user off the system

Advanced user commands:
console - shows,  hides or clears the console
RESTART - exits spead receiver process and restarts it
memoryleak - prints out new object counts in memory
inputs - see which antenna inputs are available in spead stream
update - display performance information updates to console
server - display performance of server
telstate - displays telescope state keys

[auto]
Adds a percentile collection plot to timeseries and spectrum figures for the collection of signals that includes hh as well as vv auto correlation products. This collection excludes hv auto correlation products.

See also:
autohh,autovv,autohv,cross

[clear]
Removes percentile collection plots from figures.

[autohh]
Adds a percentile collection plot to timeseries and spectrum figures for the collection of signals that includes hh auto correlation products.

[autovv]
Adds a percentile collection plot to timeseries and spectrum figures for the collection of signals that includes vv auto correlation products.

[autohv]
Adds a percentile collection plot to timeseries and spectrum figures for the collection of signals that includes hv auto correlation products.

[cross]
Adds a percentile collection plot to timeseries and spectrum figures for the collection of signals that includes hh as well as vv cross products. This collection excludes hv cross correlation products.

See also:
auto,crosshh,crossvv,crosshv

[crosshh]
Adds a percentile collection plot to timeseries and spectrum figures for the collection of signals that includes hh cross products.

[crossvv]
Adds a percentile collection plot to timeseries and spectrum figures for the collection of signals that includes vv cross products.

[crosshv]
Adds a percentile collection plot to timeseries and spectrum figures for the collection of signals that includes hv cross products.

[console]
The console shows information such as warnings, exceptions and debugging information to the advanced user. It is also used for displaying help. The following console related commands can be issued:

'console on' - shows the console
'console off' - hides the console - same as pressing ESC key
'console clear' - clears the contents of the console

[envelope]
Adds an envelope plot to the current figures for a collection of signals.

Some examples:
envelopeauto - envelope plot of autohh and autovv signals combined
envelopeautohh - envelope plot of autohh signals
envelopeautohv - envelope plot of autohv signals
envelopeautovv - envelope plot of autovv signals
envelopecross - envelope plot of crosshh and crossvv signals combined
envelopecrosshh - envelope plot of crosshh signals
envelopecrosshv - envelope plot of crosshv signals
envelopecrossvv - envelope plot of crossvv signals

[delete]

'delete name' - deletes the view profile settings saved under the name 'name' from persistent storage and also removes it from the server's current memory. Any user currently logged in under 'name' will not receive communication from the server until such time that the user reloads the page, in which case default profile view settings will be assigned to the user.

[load]
Loads user view profile settings from a persistent store on the server and applies it to the current page. 

'load' - loads the saved view profile settings of the current user logged into the page.
'load name' - loads the saved view profile settings of name. If the view settings of the specified name is not saved, but does exist in server memory, it will be copied from memory instead, with a warning logged. 

[save]
Saves view profile settings of the current page to a persistent store on the server.

'save' - saves the profile settings of the current page under the name of the current user logged into the page
'save name' - saves the profile settings under a different name. It is possible, but would be inconsiderate to save to another user's name. A single user may save to multiple view profile names so names should be chosen meaningfully by the user.

[loop]
The loop command can be used to loop the current page through a list of profiles at regular intervals in an ongoing manner. Named profiles should first be created, and should preferably be saved.

'loop' prints current list of named profiles in the loop
'loop name1,name2,name3,name4' loops through named profiles name1, name2, name3, name4 in turn repeatedly
'looptime=5' sets the delay between each change in profile view to 5 seconds
'loop off' stops looping

See also looptime.

[looptime]
Sets the loop delay time.

'looptime' prints the current looptime to the console
'looptime=5' sets the delay between each change in profile view to 5 seconds when using the loop feature

See also loop.

[kick]

'kick name' - kicks user named 'name' off the system, replacing the web page.
'kick name message' - kicks user named 'name' off the system, replacing the web page and displaying an optional message.


[flags]
The flags command sets the spectrum flags (indicated as shaded red regions on spectrum plots) which specifies which channels are ignored when calculating time series data plots. New flag settings are not re-applied to historic data and is only applied to future data.

A few examples:
'flags' prints the current flags to the console
'flags=' clears all flags
'flags=500' flags channel 500
'flags=..200' flags the first 200 channels
'flags=-200..' flags the last 200 channels
'flags=300..350' flags channels 300 to 350
'flags=..200,300..350,500,-200..' flags the first and last 200 channels, as well as channels 300 to 350, and channel 500

'flags on' shows the current flags for all the figures on the page
'flags off' hides the current flags for all the figures on the page

[inputs]
Displays a list of inputs available in current spead stream.

[info]
Displays information about the current observation

[memoryleak]
Prints out counts of new objects stored in memory.

[ncols]
Change the number of columns, and recalculate figure sizes accordingly.

For example:
'ncols=1' stacks figures underneath each other in a single column
'ncols=2' organises figures in 2 columns

[onlineflags]
The online flags can be shown or hidden using the commands as follows:
'onlineflags on' shows the online flags for all the figures on the page
'onlineflags off' hides the online flags for all the figures on the page

[outlierthreshold]
Outlierthreshold is a percentile quantity that specifies a level that must be exceeded in order for a signal to be regarded as an outlier.

'outlierthreshold' prints the current outlierthreshold for the current page to the console
'outlierthreshold=95' sets the outlier threshold to 90 percentile (over the outliertime period)

See also outliertime

[outliertime]
Outliertime is a parameter setting that is used to smooth outlier detection over time and is shared by all profiles on the server. 

'outliertime' prints the current outlier time (communally shared with all profiles) to the console
'outliertime=1' sets the time period over which the signal must on average exceed the outlierthreshold

See also outlierthreshold

[update]
The update command provides the advanced user with useful debugging information in order to investigate the speed performance of the signal display system. Updates of a few measured quantities can be printed per figure to the console at regular update intervals. 

'update action' the action performed when receiving the figure data from the server
'update byte' the number of bytes of data received from the server
'update kb' the number of kilobytes of data received from the server
'update mb' number of megabytes of data received from the server
'update nvars' number of variables received from the server
'update status' the success status of communication with the server
'update servertime' the time lapsed since the update request is issued until the moment when the first data is received
'update receivetime' the time to receive the data
'update drawtime' time consumed to draw excluding rendering
'update rendertime' time lapsed during the course of rendering
'update off' stops the printing of the above-mentioned updates to the console

[timeseries]
Adds a new time series figure to the current view. Right click the figure to change, for example, the type to power, magnitude or phase.

[spectrum]
Adds a new spectrum plot to the current view. Right click the figure to change, for example, the type to power, magnitude or phase, or the x-axis from MHz to GHz or channel.

[waterfall]
Adds a new waterfall plot to the current view. Right click the figure to change, for example, the type to power, magnitude or phase, or the x-axis from MHz to GHz or channel. A further specification of baseline data product is required. 

Examples:
'waterfall1h2h' - waterfall plot of data product 1h2h

'waterfallauto' - waterfall plot of median of auto correlation products. This is of the combination of HH and VV products.
'waterfallcross' - waterfall plot of median of cross correlation products. This is of the combination of HH and VV products.

'waterfallautohh' - waterfall plot of median of hh auto correlation products.
'waterfallautohv' - waterfall plot of median of hv auto correlation products.
'waterfallautovv' - waterfall plot of median of vv auto correlation products.

'waterfallcrosshh' - waterfall plot of median of hh cross correlation products.
'waterfallcrosshv' - waterfall plot of median of hv cross correlation products.
'waterfallcrossvv' - waterfall plot of median of vv cross correlation products.

'waterfallautomin' - waterfall plot of minimum of auto correlation products. This is of the combination of HH and VV products.
'waterfallautomax' - waterfall plot of minimum of auto correlation products. This is of the combination of HH and VV products.
'waterfallauto0' - same as waterfalautomin
'waterfallauto25' - waterfall plot of 25 percentile of auto correlation products. This is of the combination of HH and VV products.
'waterfallauto75' - waterfall plot of 75 percentile of auto correlation products. This is of the combination of HH and VV products.
'waterfallauto100' - same as waterfalautomax

'waterfallautohhmin' - waterfall plot of minimum of hh auto correlation products.
and so forth

[server]
'server top' - Prints out to the console the load and process summary of the server.

'server ps' - Prints out to the console the process usage of the signal display processes.

[telstate]
'telstate' - Prints out telescope state keys, which includes available sensors.
'telstate key' - Prints out the value for given key in telstate, if it is a real valued sensor, draws a plot overlaid over a timeseries with twin axis.
'telstate partial key' - suggests which keys in telstate match partial key. If match is unique, replace partial key with suggestion. E.g. 'telstate el 24 act' becomes 'telstate m024_pos_actual_scan_elev'

[users]
Prints the list of named user profiles that the server is currently maintaining, to the console. The profiles that are saved persistently are shown. A count is also provided next to each active user profile showing how many user pages are currently logged into the respective profiles.

[limits]
Sets the limits for axes used on the page. These commands applies to all figures on the page that contains the implied axis. 

'tmin=-100' sets the lower limit of the time axes for all timeseries plots to -100 s
'tmax=' clears the upper limit of the time axes for all time series plots (i.e. set to autoscale)
'fmin=1600' sets the minimum frequency of all spectrum and waterfall plots that have MHz units to 1600 MHz
'Fmin=1.6' sets the minimum frequency of all spectrum and waterfall plots that have GHz units to 1.6 GHz
'pmin=-60' sets the minimum power of all plots that have power units to -60 dB. Also may affect colour scale of waterfall plots.
'pmax=' clears the upper limit of power in all plots (i.e. set to autoscale)
